update dynamic sampling page and move sampling page (#5851)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/data-management-settings/dynamic-sampling/why-dynamic-sampling.mdx

---

> title: Why Dynamic Sampling

Author: ```suggestion
title: Benefits of Dynamic Sampling
```

sidebar_order: 25
redirect_from:
  - /product/sentry-basics/metrics/
  - /product/sentry-basics/sampling/

> description: "Learn more about why to choose dynamic sampling for your transactions."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Learn more about the benefits of dynamic sampling for your transactions."
```

---

<Note>

> When we talk about SDK sample rates on this page, we're only referring to your [transaction sample rate]/platform-redirect/?next=/configuration/sampling/#sampling-transaction-events) (or `tracesSampleRate`), not your [error sample rate](/platform-redirect/?next=/configuration/sampling/#sampling-error-events).

Author: Looks like you missed an bracket

```suggestion
When we talk about SDK sample rates on this page, we're only referring to your [transaction sample rate](/platform-redirect/?next=/configuration/sampling/#sampling-transaction-events) (or `tracesSampleRate`), not your [error sample rate](/platform-redirect/?next=/configuration/sampling/#sampling-error-events).
```
